Add documentation on how to use random number generation (#72)
key4hep/k4MarlinWrapper: doc/randomNumberGeneration.md

# Random number generation

Random number generation can be set from the Gaudi options file, including setting an array of seeds:

```python
from Configurables import HepRndm__Engine_CLHEP__RanluxEngine_ as RndmEngine
rndmengine = RndmEngine('RndmGenSvc.Engine')
rndmengine.SetSingleton = True
rndmengine.Seeds = [ 2345678 ] # default seed is 1234567
```

> If running a `MarlinProcessorWrapper` the seed set for the engine will be directly set for the underlying Marlin processor. As in the previous source code snippet, if the seed used is `2345678`, Marlin will receive that same seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running a `MarlinProcessorWrapper` the seed set for the engine will be directly set for the underlying Marlin EventSeeder object. As in the previous source code snippet, if the seed used is `2345678`, Marlin will receive that same seed.
```

```cpp
#include <GaudiKernel/RndmGenerators.h>
#include "GaudiKernel/IRndmEngine.h"

Rndm::Numbers m_flatGenerator;
```

initializing the generator during Gaudi Algorithm initialization. In this example generating `double` precission numbers between 0 and 999999; then generating number on execution:

```cpp
StatusCode SomeGaudiAlgorithm::initialize() {
  auto sc_flatGen_init = m_flatGenerator.initialize(randSvc(), Rndm::Flat(0, 999999));
  if (!sc_flatGen_init.isSuccess())
    return Error("Cannot initialize Random Service based flat generator");
}

StatusCode SomeGaudiAlgorithm::execute() {
  m_flatGenerator();
}
```

## key4hep UniqueIDGenSvc

A Service to generate unique identifiers can be used with the following inputs:
- Event number
- Event number and Run number
- Event number, Run number and Algorithm name

Declare the service in the header file:

```cpp
#include <k4FWCore/IUniqueIDGenSvc.h>

SmartIF<IUniqueIDGenSvc> m_service;
```

Initialize the service:

```cpp
StatusCode SomeGaudiAlgorithm::initialize() {
  m_service = serviceLocator()->service("UniqueIDGenSvc");
```

Then use the service during execution:

```cpp
StatusCode MarlinProcessorWrapper::execute() {

>   m_thing->getUniqueID(1,2,"SomeClusterAlgorithm");

Reviewer: what is `m_thing`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  m_thing->getUniqueID(1, 2, name());
```
I think this is the only interface we should support?

# Random number generation

> Random number generation can be set from the Gaudi options file, including setting an array of seeds:

Reviewer: This first part should really be dropped now, and only the UniqueIDGenSvc should be advertised.
And probably this should go to k4FWCore

Author: Yeah I agree, I will close this PR and open one there with only the UniqueIDGenSvc part.
